docs: Add template info and packaging tutorial links to README (#59)
pyOpenSci/pyosPackage: README.md

## What does pyospackage do?
pyospackage is a demonstration Python package that compliments the pyOpenSci [beginner tutorial series on creating a Python package](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/tutorials/intro.html).

## 🔧 About This Template

> This package was built using [pyOpenSci’s Copier template](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyos-template), which helps ensure consistency, best practices, and ease of maintenance across scientific Python packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package was built using [pyOpenSci’s Python package Copier template](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyos-package-template).l This template makes it easy for anyone to quickly create a Python package following best practices developed by the pyOpenSci community.

> The template includes configuration for:
> - Standard Python packaging layout
> - Code linting and formatting tools like Ruff
> - Testing setup
> - CI/CD scaffolding
> - Contribution guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The template includes configuration for:
* [Standard Python package layout and structure](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/package-structure-code/python-package-structure.html)
* [Code linting and formatting tools like Ruff](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/package-structure-code/code-style-linting-format.html)
* [Setup for a test suite](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/tests/index.html) 
* [Basic setup for Continuous Integration and Deployment (CI/CD)](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/continuous-integration/ci.html)
* [Basic documentation infrastructure and files](https://www.pyopensci.org/python-package-guide/documentation/index.html) using mkdocs or sphinx
```
